everybody I Monday's today we're going
to show you how to get really fast um 3g
internet yeah with d oh you're gonna
find out how to get a really cool song
like mine whoa yeah yeah yeah oh it's
kind of too it's really cool so you see
right here i just i applied a little
duct tape right there and right there
now it's a balance of proof you can
bounce it like that and what oh it's
okay um yeah my phone's like an easy
it's nice to fly a little bit that's
okay because we're asking a little duct
tape everything to be okay so I got your
duct tape there's a metal duct tape
because i squish it cuz I like it to be
a little so you go check enough to eat
mounted here but like horses
yes my second question last one Hey Ya
let's go earlier yes comment later um I
have too many letters that I can't run
doubt it's just accusing I'd like
putting their all over everything okay
so this is what happens when you don't
know how you got me so that's when you
take your lighter you know the who it's
like that on the fire stop you're
gonna make my room smaller rooms gonna
light it on fire that's how you fix it
okay do you you fix it with duct tape
yeah so when your duct tape spoken you
just gotta take a piece like this and
second math section to you cuz I mean
abductor you can't fix it nothing can so
I guess if it's wrapped by duct tape so
that's it everything that I right yeah
duct tape fix with our duct-tape let's
go take this piece right here you can
take your phone like this just put a big
piece right in the front right there
that's going to happen the 3g now if you
want it really fast really wait I mean I
mean really fast Michael eat well i
think by why fixes duct tape you tell
them how it's gonna make the internet
will make your 3g into 4g true story
first the phone if one could look like
this I first see yeah its the
regular-size somebody's regular phone
yeah but them but then it ever looked
like this at the end so almost bet
somewhat faster from 3g to 4g free 4g if
you're up paying for 4g you'll have it
so now you got you put the duct tape
it's going to take it the fun
you're just going to wrap it all the way
around so it covers the front just don't
cover the camera whatever you just don't
cover the camera in the back so this is
the front you got the fence and as you
see it won't open it won't respond
that's that's one of the things like
with it opens it takes away G so you got
your phone lets up like that remember
text now I go it's a camel actually my
backgrounds of camel and then you take
your cat you just gotta like hit it with
and dusty and I guess that Nichols way
so basically I can't even tell what G I
have because it's just so much talk to
me energy its just oh it's fabulous but
just so fast when I push this little
button see just goes right away so
that's how you get 4g internet on your
3g phone however hey everyone